                         QUALCOMM TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
          LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR QUALCOMM SNAPDRAGON DEVELOPER TOOLS

IMPORTANT:  This License Agreement for Qualcomm Snapdragon Developer Tools
(this "Agreement") is a legally binding agreement between Qualcomm
Technologies, Inc. ("QTI") and the person or legal entity You represent
(referred to herein as "You" or "Your").  QTI is willing to license to You the
applicable Qualcomm Snapdragon Developer Tool(s) that You have selected
(individually or collectively, along with any Documentation (as defined below)
related thereto, the "Software"), on the condition that You accept and agree
to all of the terms and conditions in this Agreement.

BY CLICKING ON THE "I ACCEPT" BUTTON BELOW, OR BY USING OR COMPLETING THE
DOWNLOAD OR INSTALLATION OF THE SOFTWARE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU
HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT, UNDERSTAND IT, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS
AND CONDITIONS.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, QTI IS
UNWILLING TO AND DOES NOT AND WILL NOT LICENSE THE SOFTWARE TO YOU, AND YOU
MAY NOT DOWNLOAD, INSTALL, USE, OR RETAIN ANY COPIES OF THE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
YOU HAVE IN ANY MANNER COME INTO POSSESSION OF IT, UNLESS YOU HAVE EXECUTED A
SEPARATE WRITTEN AGREEMENT WITH QTI THAT EXPRESSLY SUPERSEDES THIS AGREEMENT.

The Software is protected by copyright laws, international copyright treaties,
and other intellectual property laws and treaties.  The Software is licensed,
not sold.

QTI and You agree as follows:

1. LICENSE GRANT.

1.1 License to Software.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, including the limitations, conditions, restrictions and obligations
set forth below, QTI hereby grants to You a personal, non- exclusive,
non-sublicensable, non-transferable, non-assignable, revocable, limited
copyright license, during the term of this Agreement to, in accordance with
the documentation made available by QTI in connection with the applicable
Qualcomm Snapdragon Developer Tool (the "Documentation"), if any: (i)
download, install and use, on an internal basis only (except as expressly
permitted with respect to Redistributables in accordance with Section 1.3
below), the Software solely for the design, development and testing of
applications that are compatible with products of QTI or its affiliates, and
(ii) distribute, in machine-readable (i.e., object code) form only, the
binaries that You develop and incorporate into Your application.

1.2 Documentation.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
including the limitations, conditions, restrictions and obligations set forth
below, You may reproduce and use, on an internal basis only, a reasonable
number of copies of the Documentation, solely in support of the license to the
Software. Distribution of the Documentation is prohibited without the express
written permission of QTI.

1.3 Redistributables.

1.3.1 License to Redistributables.  QTI may from time to time identify, e.g.,
in a notice file included with the Software or in a separate written
agreement, certain portions of the Software as redistributable (the
"Redistributables"). In addition to the license set forth in Section 1.1
(License to Software) and subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, including the limitations, conditions, restrictions, and
obligations set forth below, QTI hereby grants to You a personal, non-
exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferable, non-assignable, revocable,
limited copyright license, during the term of this Agreement, to copy and
redistribute, through multiple tiers of distribution, the Redistributables,
solely as compiled into object code as part of Your application, expressly
condition on the following: (i) Your application provides significant primary
functionality to the Redistributables; (ii) You guarantee the compliance of
Your agents or other authorized distributors of Your application with the
terms and conditions of this Agreement; (iii) You shall not under any
circumstances distribute, or enable any third party to distribute, the
Redistributables in human readable (i.e., source code) form or on a standalone
basis in any form; and (iv) You comply with Section 1.3.2 (EULA Requirements)
below.

1.3.2 EULA Requirements for Redistributables.  As a condition of distributing
the Redistributables in accordance with Section 1.3.1 (License to
Redistributables) above, You must restrict such recipients' use of such
Redistributables under a binding end user license agreement, enforceable in
the jurisdictions in which Your application is made available, that is at
least as restrictive with respect to the Redistributables as this Agreement
and, at minimum: (i) limits such recipients' license to use the
Redistributables solely as compiled into object code as part of Your
application; (ii) expressly disclaims QTI's liability to any third party for
any damages, whether direct, indirect, incidental, or consequential, in
connection with such license; (iii) identifies QTI as an intended third party
beneficiary of such agreement; (iv) informs such recipients that the delivery
of Your application shall not convey or otherwise provide any rights under any
patents of QTI or any of its affiliates; (v) imposes any additional
requirements in compliance with the terms of any applicable third-party
license in accordance with Section 1.5 (Third Party Licenses and Additional
QTI Licenses); and (vi) prohibits modification, reproduction, creation of
derivative works, decompilation, or reverse-engineering of the
Redistributables (collectively, Your "EULA");

1.3.3  License to Sample Code.  QTI may, in its sole discretion, provide
certain Redistributables, such as sample code and header files, in human
readable (i.e., source code) form (collectively "Sample Code"). If (and only
if) QTI provides such Sample Code to You, then, in accordance with and in
addition to the licenses set forth in this Section 1.3.1 (License to
Redistributables), You may copy and modify the Sample Code in part or as a
whole, compile into object code the Sample Code and modifications thereto, and
reproduce and distribute such compiled object code as part of Your
application, each solely in accordance with the Documentation and the other
provisions of this Agreement.

1.4 Additional Software.  QTI hereby reserves the right to provide or
otherwise make available, at its discretion, additional software to You from
time to time. Any additional software or documentation that QTI provides to
You by express reference to this Agreement will be considered to be part of
the Software or Documentation, as the case may be, hereunder, and subject to
all terms and conditions of this Agreement. By accepting, possessing or using
such additional software or documentation, which shall include without
limitation any related plug-ins as QTI may directly or indirectly distribute
as well as related web applications used to generate image resources, You
agree that the terms of this Agreement will apply thereto.

1.5 Third Party Licenses and Additional QTI Licenses.

(a) The Software may contain third party programs. The license terms
associated with those programs apply to Your use of them, and in some
instances such programs cannot be used or further distributed without a
license from the respective owner of such programs. You shall be solely
responsible to obtain, if necessary, a separate and independent license from
such owner with respect to any such use. The delivery of the Software does not
convey a license, nor imply any rights, to use third party programs. A
separate and independent license for such use may be required and You shall be
solely responsible to verify whether such license is needed in conjunction
with Your use of such third party programs.
(b) The Software may contain additional programs that are licensed by QTI and
its affiliates. The license terms associated with those programs are available
when You first access the applicable program, apply to Your use of them, and
in some instances such programs cannot be used or further distributed without
Your agreement. The delivery of the Software does not convey a license, nor
imply any rights, to use such additional programs.

1.6 Bug Reports and Other Feedback.  You agree to report to QTI all bugs You
experience or encounter with the Software and You agree that QTI shall have
the right to use, without attribution or compensation to You, all feedback (of
any nature) which QTI receives or otherwise obtains from You, in any form, to
improve, enhance or modify the Software or otherwise.

1.7 Pre-commercial Software Releases.  You acknowledge that the Software may
be a prerelease, beta or experimental version and may not be at the level of
performance and compatibility of a final product. The Software may not operate
correctly and may be substantially modified prior to first commercial
shipment, or may be withdrawn completely.

2. RESTRICTIONS.

2.1 Retention of Rights.  As between You and QTI, QTI hereby retains all
right, title, and interests in and to the Software, including without
limitation all copyrights, patent rights, trademark rights and all other
intellectual property rights therein or related thereto. Subject to QTI's
ownership rights in and to the Software, You shall retain the copyright rights
in and to any modifications to the source code portions of the Software that
are made by You as permitted by this Agreement. This Agreement does not convey
or otherwise provide to You title or any ownership rights or interests in or
to any intellectual property rights of QTI or its affiliates, including but
not limited to (1) those incorporated in the Software or any component of the
Software, or (2) any QTI patents, patent applications, works of authorship,
trade secrets, knowhow, ideas, or any other subject matter protectable under
intellectual property rights laws of any jurisdiction. As between You and QTI,
QTI is the sole and exclusive owner of and retains all right, title and
interest in and to all QTI software, including, without limitation, the items
set forth in (1) and (2) above and all intellectual property rights in each of
the foregoing. Neither the delivery of any Software nor any provision of this
Agreement (including, without limitation, the rights and licenses granted by
QTI to You in Section 1 (License Grant) shall be deemed or construed to grant
to You either expressly, by implication, by way of estoppel, or otherwise any
right, license, or authority to infringe or immunity from infringement
liability under (i) any of QTI's or its affiliates' patents, including,
without limitation, any patents covering or relating to the Software, other
software, or any wireless telecommunications technology (such as, CDMA, WCDMA,
OFDMA, OFDM, etc.) or any broadcast technology (such as MediaFLO, DVB-H,
ISDB-T, etc.), or (ii) any non-patent intellectual property rights of QTI or
its affiliates covering or relating to (a) any product or invention other than
the Software or (b) any combination of any Software or QTI software with any
other product or invention. Any rights not expressly granted to You herein are
hereby reserved by QTI. The foregoing limitations shall in no way be deemed a
derogation of the express rights granted by QTI in Section 1 (License Grant)
to You.

2.2 Restricted Use.  Except as otherwise expressly provided in Section 1
(License Grant) above, You may copy the Software only for backup purposes. You
shall reproduce and include all copyright and other proprietary notices that
are on the original copy of the Software on any copies of the Software that
are made. You shall not, and You shall not authorize or otherwise permit any
third party to, incorporate, link, distribute or use any third party software
or code in conjunction with (i) the Software (ii) any software, products,
documentation, content or other materials developed using the Software, nor
(iii) any derivative works that You make using the source code portions of the
Software (if any), in such a way that: (a) creates, purports to create or has
the potential to create, obligations with respect to the Software or other QTI
software, including without limitation the distribution or disclosure of any
source code; or (b) grants, purports to grant, or has the potential to grant
to any third party any rights to or immunities under any QTI intellectual
property rights or proprietary rights, including without limitation as such
rights exist in or relate to the Software. Without limiting the generality of
the foregoing, You shall not engage in any act or failure to act, that
enables, causes or facilitates any use or distribution of the Software or any
third-party software in a manner that causes any patents, copyrights or other
intellectual property rights owned or controlled by QTI or any of its
affiliates (or for which QTI or any of its affiliates has received license
rights) to become subject to any encumbrance or terms and conditions of any
Open Source License. The rights granted by QTI in Section 1 (License Grant)
are expressly conditioned upon Your full compliance with the foregoing
sentence. As used herein, "Open Source License" means any agreement that
requires, as a condition of use, modification and/or distribution of any
software or other software incorporated into, derived from or distributed with
such software (each, a "work"), any of the following: (a) the making available
of source code, object code or design information regarding a work; (b) the
granting of any permission or other right for creating modifications to or
derivative works regarding a work; or (c) the granting of any royalty-free
license rights to any party under any patents or other intellectual property
rights regarding a work. By means of example and without limitation, "Open
Source License" includes the following licenses and/or distribution models:
(i) the GNU General Public License, (ii) the GNU Lesser General Public
License, and (iii) the Mozilla Public License.  You may not use the Software
and may not accept this Agreement if You are a person barred from receiving
the Software or other materials under the laws of the United States or any
other country including the country in which You are resident or from which
You use the Software.

2.3 Additional Restrictions.  You will not: (i) reverse engineer, disassemble,
decompile, or translate the Software, or otherwise attempt to derive the
source code version of the Software, except if and only to the extent
expressly permitted by applicable law; (ii) except as expressly permitted by
QTI in a separate written agreement, use the Software and/or Documentation to
create or develop any developer tools (including without limitation plug-ins
and middleware) or any software other than end-user targeted software
applications; (iii) make more copies of the Software and/or Documentation than
specified in this Agreement or allowed by applicable law despite this
limitation; (iv) transfer or assign this Agreement or any of the rights,
duties or obligations hereunder; (v) except as expressly permitted in this
Agreement, rent, lease, loan or otherwise in any manner provide or distribute
the Software and/or Documentation or any copy of thereof to any third party;
or (vi) except as expressly permitted under Section 1 (License Grant),
reproduce, distribute, publicly perform, publicly display or create derivative
works of or based on the Software and/or Documentation. You may not include in
Your Applications (x) any content or materials of any kind (text, graphics,
images, photographs, video, sounds, etc.) that comprise, constitute or depict
profanity, nudity, pornographic images or explicit sexual themes, defamatory
or libelous statements or material considered illegal or objectionable, or (y)
any malware malicious or harmful code, program or other internal component
(e.g., computer viruses, Trojan horses, "backdoors" etc. that could damage,
destroy or adversely affect other software, firmware, hardware, data, systems,
services or networks. You shall not use the Software and/or Documentation to
create or develop any application that invades, violates or infringes the
copyrights, patent rights, trade secrets, trademark or service mark rights,
privacy, publicity, or any other rights of any person or entity, or
constitutes a libel or defamation of any third party. In addition, You agree
not to design or develop any application based on the use of the Software in a
manner so as to, or with the objective to, damage any wireless device,
computer, network, or any feature or function of a wireless device, computer
or network based on the use of such application. You represent and warrant
that You have obtained all necessary permission and licenses from all
copyright holders, if any, in material or code appearing, used or recorded in
any application that You create or develop with the Software and/or
Documentation. The license to the Software and Documentation granted to You
hereunder is solely as expressly set forth in Section 1 (License Grant) and
the Software and Documentation shall not be used for any other purpose or use.

3. CONFIDENTIALITY.  The Software and all related information are confidential
and proprietary to QTI.  Except as expressly permitted in this Agreement, You
shall not disclose or permit the disclosure of the Software or any information
relating to the Software (including without limitation the results of use or
testing) to any third party without QTI's prior written permission.
Unauthorized use or disclosure of the Software and/or such information would
cause irreparable harm and significant injury to QTI that would be difficult
to ascertain or quantify; accordingly, You agree that QTI shall have the right
to obtain injunctive or other equitable relief to enforce the terms of this
Agreement without limiting any other rights or remedies.

4. NO TECHNICAL SUPPORT.  QTI is under no obligation to provide any form of
technical support for the Software and/or Documentation, and if QTI, in its
sole discretion, chooses to provide any form of support or information
relating to the Software and/or Documentation, such support and information
shall be deemed confidential and proprietary to QTI.

5. CONSENT TO COLLECTION AND USE OF DATA.  You understand and agree that the
Software may send to QTI and/or its affiliates and service providers certain
technical and related information, including but not limited to: (i)
information about the end users' desktop and mobile devices such as make,
model, operating system name and version and kernel version, (ii) information
about the Software used, such as the Software version, (iii) information about
the developer application and information created during its interaction with
the Software, such as start and stop dates and times, and other general usage
information, and (iv) the IP address used by the end user's device, for the
purpose of allowing the QTI servers to infer the country of use (but not the
exact location) (collectively "Statistics").  You further understand and agree
that QTI and/or its affiliates and service providers may collect and use
Statistics: (a) to provide the Software, (b) to facilitate the provision of
new products, updates, enhancements, technologies, and other services, (d) to
improve the Software, and other products, services and technologies of QTI or
its affiliates, and for any other business purpose.

6. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES.  YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THE USE
OF THE SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE SOFTWARE,
DOCUMENTATION AND TECHNICAL SUPPORT, IF ANY, ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, QTI AND ITS LICENSOR(S)
AND AFFILIATES EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED,
STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT. QTI
DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE SOFTWARE
WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, OR THAT THE OPERATION OF THE SOFTWARE WILL BE
UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR- FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION
WILL BE CORRECTED. FURTHERMORE, QTI DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY
REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE, OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE, OF THE SOFTWARE
OR DOCUMENTATION IN TERMS OF ITS CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR
OTHERWISE. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY QTI OR ITS
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES SHALL CREATE ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OR IN
ANY WAY INCREASE THE SCOPE OF ANY EXPRESS WARRANTY. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT
ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT
APPLY OR MAY BE LIMITED.

7. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.  TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE
LAW, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION NEGLIGENCE, SHALL
QTI, ITS AFFILIATES OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES
OR AGENTS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF
BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION AND THE
LIKE) ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY DOWNLOAD,
INSTALLATION OR USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SOFTWARE AND/OR
DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF QTI HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF
LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR
EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY OR MAY BE LIMITED. QTI HAS NO OBLIGATION TO DEFEND,
INDEMNIFY OR HOLD YOU HARMLESS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL QTI'S
TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ANY AND ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES, CLAIMS AND CAUSES
OF ACTIONS (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
EXCEED ONE THOUSAND U.S. DOLLARS (US$1,000) OR THE EQUIVALENT THEREOF IN ANY
OTHER CURRENCY.

8. INDEMNITY.  If an application is written by You using any component of the
Software and such application is used, distributed, or otherwise deployed,
then You agree to indemnify and hold QTI, its subsidiaries and affiliates and
each of their respective officers, directors, employees and successors and
assigns (each, a "QTI Indemnitee") harmless from and against any and all
claims, demands, causes of action, losses, liabilities, damages, costs and
expenses, incurred or otherwise suffered by each QTI Indemnitee (including but
not limited to costs of defense, investigation and reasonable attorney's fees)
arising out of, resulting from or related to (i) any use, reproduction or
distribution of the Software (or portion thereof), as modified or integrated
by You, which causes an infringement of any patent, copyright, trademark,
trade secret, or other intellectual property, publicity or privacy right of
any third parties arising in any jurisdiction anywhere in the world, except
and solely to the extent such infringement is caused by the unmodified
Software, or portions thereof, as supplied to You by QTI under this Agreement,
(ii) the download, distribution, installation, storage, execution, use or
transfer of such application or software, products, documentation, content,
materials or derivative works related to such application by any person or
entity except and solely to the extent such infringement is caused by the
unmodified Software, or portions thereof, as supplied to You by QTI under this
Agreement, (iii) any breach of laws or regulations by You and/or (iv) any
breach of this Agreement by You. If and as requested by QTI, You agree to
defend each QTI Indemnitee in connection with any third party claims, demands,
or causes of action resulting from, arising out of or in connection with any
of the foregoing.

9. TERM AND TERMINATION.  This Agreement shall be effective upon acceptance by
You and shall continue until terminated. You may terminate the Agreement at
any time by deleting and destroying all copies of the Software and all related
information in Your possession or control; provided that You also inform QTI
in writing at that time of such termination. This Agreement terminates
immediately and automatically, with or without notice, if You fail to comply
with any provision hereof. Additionally, QTI may at any time terminate this
Agreement, either with or without cause, upon notice to You. Upon termination
You must delete or destroy all copies of the Software and Documentation in
Your possession, and the license and other rights granted to You in this
Agreement shall terminate. Sections 2 through 14 shall survive the termination
of this Agreement.

10. EXPORT COMPLIANCE ASSURANCES.  You acknowledge that all hardware,
software, source code and technology (collectively, "Products") obtained from
QTI are subject to the US government export control and economic sanctions
laws. You assure that You, Your subsidiaries and affiliates will not directly
or indirectly export, re-export, transfer or release (collectively, "export")
any Products or direct product thereof to any destination, person, entity or
end use prohibited or restricted under US laws without prior US government
authorization to the extent required by applicable regulation. The US
government maintains embargoes and sanctions against certain countries,
currently Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan and Syria, but any amendments to the
countries under a US embargo or sanction shall apply. You acknowledge that
other countries may have trade laws pertaining to import, use, export or
distribution of Products, and that compliance with the same is Your
responsibility. You further acknowledge that You are not a person or entity
that is listed on any United States Government list of prohibited or
restricted parties. This section shall survive the expiration or termination
of this Agreement.

11.GOVERNMENT END USERS.  If You are acting on behalf of an agency or
instrumentality of the U. S. government, the Software and Documentation, as
applicable, are "commercial computer software" and "commercial computer
software documentation" developed exclusively at private expense by QTI.
Pursuant to FAR 12.212 or DFARS 227 7202 and their successors, as applicable,
use, reproduction and disclosure of the Software is governed by the terms of
this Agreement.

12. USE OF QTI NAME AND LOGO.  You shall not display or make any use of QTI's
name or logos in connection with Your Application without the prior written
approval of QTI.

13. GENERAL.  This Agreement is governed and interpreted in accordance with
the laws of the State of California without giving effect to its conflict of
laws provisions that would result in the application of the laws of a
different state. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the
International Sale of Goods is expressly disclaimed and shall not apply. Any
claim, lawsuit or proceeding arising out of or related to this Agreement must
be brought exclusively in a federal or state court located in San Diego
County, California, and You hereby consent to the jurisdiction and venue of
such courts. If any provision of this Agreement shall be invalid, the validity
of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected.

14. ENTIRE AGREEMENT; AMENDMENT; LANGUAGE.  This Agreement is the entire and
exclusive agreement between QTI and You with respect to the Software and
supersedes all prior agreements (whether written or oral) and other
communications between QTI and You with respect to the Software and
Documentation. Except to the extent that QTI is expressly precluded by
applicable law, QTI further reserves the right to make changes to this
Agreement, to reflect changes in business practices or to reflect changes in
or required by law or otherwise, by providing You with reasonable notice of
the changes, which notice may be sent in writing or electronically or which
may be made by posting notice of the change at
https://developer.qualcomm.com/snapdragon-developer-tools-license. You will be
responsible for reviewing and becoming familiar with any and all such changes.
If You continue to use the Software after notice of any change has been
provided or posted, You shall be deemed to have accepted any and all such
changes. Otherwise, this Agreement may be modified only by a written amendment
executed by both You and QTI. This Agreement is entered into solely in the
English language, and if for any reason any other language version is prepared
by any party, it shall be solely for convenience and the English version shall
govern and control in all respects. If You are located in the province of
Quebec, Canada, the following applies: The parties hereby confirm they have
requested this Agreement and all related documents be prepared in English. Les
parties ont exige que le present contrat et tous les documents connexes soient
rediges en anglais.

BY CLICKING ON THE "ACCEPT" BUTTON BELOW, OR BY USING OR COMPLETING THE
DOWNLOAD OR INSTALLATION OF THE SOFTWARE, YOU REPRESENT, WARRANT AND CERTIFY
THAT: YOU ARE AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE LEGAL ENTITY YOU REPRESENT;
YOU HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT AND UNDERSTAND IT; YOU HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO BIND
THE LEGAL ENTITY YOU REPRESENT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT;
AND YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
